Document how to use local CA for development. (#135)
lehigh-university-libraries/scyllaridae: docs/docs/derivatives/config.md

        image: lehighlts/scyllaridae-YOUR-MICROSERVICE:main
        environment:
            JWKS_URI: https://${DOMAIN}/oauth/discovery/keys

>         volumes:
>           # this CA is used in development
>           - ../../certs/rootCA.pem:/app/ca.pem

Reviewer: Let's provide docs for isle-dc and isle-site-template

```suggestion
        volumes:
          # un-comment one of the volumes below, depending on your ISLE deployment repo
          # to add the ISLE CA to scyllaridae's trust store
          # 
          # isle-site-template
          # - ./certs/rootCA.pem:/app/ca.pem
          # isle-dc
          # - ../../certs/rootCA.pem:/app/ca.pem
```

You could disable this by setting an env var `SKIP_JWT_VERIFY=true` instead.

### Using local CA for development

Scyllaridae verifies TLS connections, for example when it tries to fetch the source file from Islandora to perform a conversion.  In development (for example when using the `islandora.dev` domain), this verification can fail because the islandora.dev certificate is issued by a local CA which is not known/trusted.

The symptom is that conversion will fail, and your scyllaridae microservice will show an entry like this in the logs

```
    scyllaridae-1  | 2025/07/02 16:34:30 ERROR Unable to get source URI uri=https://islandora.dev/_flysystem/fedora/2025-07/your-document.docx err="Head \"https://islandora.dev/_flysystem/fedora/2025-07/your-document.docx\": tls: failed to verify certificate: x509: certificate signed by unknown authority"
```

You can resolve this issue by mapping your local CA into the scyllaridae container at the path /app/ca.pem. 

> If you are using a dev domain managed using isle-dc, you can run `mkcert -CAROOT` to determine the location of your local CA files.  Copy the `rootCA.pem` file into your `isle-dc/certs directory`.  The bind-mount in the volumes section of the docker-compose snippet above mounts this file into the correct location (`/app/ca.pem`) in the scyllaridae container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a dev domain managed using isle-site-template, your CA file should already be in `certs/rootCA.pem`

If you are using a dev domain managed using isle-dc, you can run `mkcert -CAROOT` to determine the location of your local CA files.  Copy the `rootCA.pem` file into your `isle-dc/certs directory`. 

After you've located your `rootCA.pem` file on your host system, bind mount that file in the volumes section of your scyllaridae service(s) to`/app/ca.pem`.
```
